docs: hobby trial and credit bundle billing flow (#6052)
mintlify/docs: assistant/index.mdx

---

<Info>

>   The assistant is enabled by default. Hobby organizations receive 5,000 trial credits shared across the assistant, agents, and workflows. [Purchase the credit bundle](/credits#credit-bundle) to continue after the trial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The assistant is enabled by default. All organizations receive 5,000 trial credits shared across the assistant, agent, and workflows. See [Manage billing](/assistant/configure#manage-billing) for more information about credit tiers and options.
```
